copy edits (#1270)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2020/3.18/announcing-sourcegraph-3.18.md

-   [Getting notified about the health of Sourcegraph is even easier](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/sourcegraph-health-notification)

>     Alerts are now delivered with detailed information, including links to potential solutions. Additionally, we now monitor container health and over/under-provisioning in all deployment modes – so you will even get alerts if Sourcegraph needs more resources or could do with less!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alerts are now delivered with detailed information, including links to potential solutions. Additionally, we now monitor container health and over/under-provisioning in all deployment modes, so you will be alerted if Sourcegraph needs more resources or could do with less.
```
